(Engine)
Rachel, I don't know.
They have stolen from the pharmacy, the records have been kept.
I don't know how it could happen. Only you and I knew it, you and I!
(NARRA) "Do you know that moment when you tie ends
that you didn't want to tie? It hurts, right?
You are there, with your usual partner, and you think:
'What a son of the great whore.' "
I 'm coming.
"Or: 'What a bastard.'
You don't want to believe it, but you know there is a traitor.
And it can only be you or your partner.
And Angel knew that he was not.
Rachel was trying to find an explanation for that robbery,
but when explanations don't come alone,
there's always someone willing to give you a little push. "
I am a carca and I still believe in good and bad.
And I put my hand in the fire that you are of the good.
Could you put your hand in the fire for your sub-inspector?
Because I wouldn't put someone else's cock.
"Angel believed that nothing could get worse.
But he could.
Of course I could.
When you hit bottom,
you still have something left to scratch into the abyss. "
(Music)
("Bella Ciao")
(CANTA "BELLA CIAO")
Earth!
(CANTA "BELLA CIAO")
What happens?
(CANTA "BELLA CIAO")
-What happens?
-We have it!
"I hadn't even fallen on Sunday night,
when a climate of euphoria invaded us.
We had found land and Nairobi had the presses
in full power.
It had exceeded 400 million euros. "
(CANTAN "BELLA CIAO")
(CANTA "BELLA CIAO")
"We had sealed the entrances with explosive charges
and we had the feeling of being in a bunker.
It was our ten minutes of glory. "
Who the hell wants the noise of the sea? This is poetry.
This is the heart of the world beating here,
beating for us, because we are making it beat.
Because the world moves through this, pussy!
What happens? What party do you have here? What happens?
-Hey, huh, huh!
(CANTAN "BELLA CIAO")
What happen to you?
(CANTAN "BELLA CIAO")
Live!
"Without a doubt, it was the happiest moment we went in there.
And then, we relax. "
Still.
Do you want to comb?
Thank you.
Do you know how to say in my town "two men make love"?
It is said: "Comb inside."
(LAUGHS)
(SPEAKS IN SERBIAN)
Forgives.
Excuse. With so much medicine, my stomach is loose.
Could I go to the restroom please? Sure, man.
(SPEAKS IN SERBIAN AND LAUGHS)
(LOW VOICE) Hyacinth.
Hyacinth, I'm Arturo. Do you hear me?
Hyacinth!
-Don Arturo.
(RESOLVES) You are alive!
I was convinced that you had been shot.
I have not struck eye.
We are in the basement of the boilers.
Tied up like dogs.
We have been locked up with the four policemen.
They only raise us to go to the bathroom.
Listen to me, Hyacinth, I have scissors
and I can get you more tools:
screwdrivers, a handsaw ... I don't know.
Tools that I can bring you in two hours.
You have a clock? Yes.
Find yourself an excuse.
Try to be brought here again in two hours. Two hours.
From this moment. Remember, the second from the left.
I will leave the tools here.
What the hell do you want us to do with scissors and a handsaw?
These people have explosives, M-16, of everything.
(Laughs)
The life of 67 people is in your hands.
Believe me, everything will be fine and in a few hours we will be out
of this nightmare. Agree.
(HELSINKI SPEAKS IN SERBIAN)
Yes, yes, I'm leaving now.
(SUÁREZ) The photos sent by the kidnappers
show explosive charges in photoelectric cells.
They have been placed in all entries.
Even in underground ventilation nozzles.
-What explosive is it? -The Tedax believe they are C4.
But I see them much more orange,
so we have sent it to Scientist to verify it.
-Who of Scientist?
-We have sent it to Alberto.
-Okay. Isn't there another inspector in all the Scientific
Can I do the same job as my ex-husband?
- Inspector, they have given it to Alberto because he is the best.
-It is a direct order from Commissioner Sánchez.
-Already.
And what does the scientist say?
-They think it's P-4. Very similar to C-4,
of British origin, and that the connection is perfect.
-We are making it difficult, huh?
(NAIROBI) Alison!
I think the time has come to have a friendly talk
with Alison Parker.
(Alarm)
(POLICE) Colonel.
(PRIETO) A mobile call is coming
from inside the building.
(RACHEL) Record!
-It's from Yum Li, a hostage.
(RIVER) I am Aníbal Cortés.
What do you want?
-Help you, Hannibal.
For that we need you to help us enter the factory
and remove the hostages in the least aggressive way possible. You understand?
-There is plastic explosive in all accesses.
-Yes.
Entering is no problem, but we need an ally.
An ally that tells us where the robbers are
at every moment, do you understand?
-Already. And why would I sell to my colleagues?
(TEACHER) They will tempt you with a better future,
with condemnation benefits,
that in one or two years you will be out ... No.
If you help us, you will get prison benefits.
A reduction of your sentence to two years.
At 22 you will have a future again.
Think about it.
Divide and you will win. This motto served a small town in Italy
To dominate the whole world.
Then he served Napoleon.
And now it serves the National Police.
They will take advantage of the slightest contact to tempt any of you.
When you have been there for more than 48 hours, the pressure will begin,
the anguish, the negativity;
and it will be then when they try to go for the weakest link.
Weakness is not in us, it is in what we have outside.
- "You can still back down, honey."
But by the time they try to contact,
You will have committed at least six or eight crimes.
No judge will guarantee your freedom. None.
Once there, the only one who can offer you freedom ...
It's me.
-Aníbal, listen to me well.
The judge guarantees your freedom in a very short time.
-Okay. Let's take an account, inspector.
Look, robbery with violence: from 2 to 5 years.
Crime against freedom, kidnapping
and setting conditions for release
of the four police officers in the convoy: 40 years.
(TEACHER) Check the alarms. Cybercrime.
We talk from six months to two years.
Alteration of public order due to the onsite assault on the factory:
from 1 to 6 years.
And with the hostages we have it much harder.
And the Criminal Code says
which are 6 to 10 years for each of the kidnappings.
Then he shot the police at close range the first day.
From 6 to 8 years for each agent.
But we have hurt them,
which carries a crime for injuries
and an aggravating factor of up to 8 years for each injured agent.
We would be talking about ...
If we have a bastard judge, 723 years old
of request of the prosecution. The minimum they can offer us
both a judge and the prosecution itself
without cleaning his ass with the Criminal Code is 173 years.
So don't be fooled. Let's see, the Criminal Code
They are the rules of the game of any country.
No one can skip them. Nobody.
Although there is one thing we can agree with.
The pardon of the president.
- Tell him yes.
- Do you want me to ask the president to sign a pardon?
-No, I want you to ask the president
that comes out on all televisions and in front of all Spain say
that if any of the kidnappers decides to collaborate
at the end of the crisis, the possibility will be assessed
of offering him the pardon for his collaboration.
First that the president goes out on the news.
-Bag lamp. -And then I'll think about myself
about being a shit sold. -Very well, we will do so.
But for that we need a gesture of goodwill on your part.
I want you to tell me the name of the Professor
and the number of robbers that are in there.
-I think you have to follow the game.
-Come on, Hannibal, give me a name and a number
and I assure you that you will have a future again.
-Okay. A name and a number.
Take paper and pen.
My balls, 33.
-What a son of a bitch! Fuck...
-Attention, we cut communication with the inside of the factory.
But, uncle, what the hell have you done?
The possibility of gaining time has screwed us up, that has done.
-I wasn't straining.
I kept hearing fucking whispers, fuck.
-But let's see, who do you think you are?
You had to execute, not decide or change plans, fuck.
That whispering what the fuck is it?
Hey, hey, Rio has heard the conversation.
And if he says he has not cast, he has not cast.
We've been dizzy for the fucking inspector for days.
So it's not his fault, okay? We're?
-That's. Besides, I wasn't going to call the president,
neither to television, nor to his fucking mother on a bicycle.
-You are worth it. The mother who bore you ...
"Despite his brilliant interpretation,
Rio knew at all times that he wanted to accept the deal,
stop the time
and get out of there as if none of this had happened. "
Would you have liked to accept the deal with the cop?
You know this is not going to work out, right?
Do you know what the permanent prison is reviewable?
What awaits me.
I killed a surety
and a few months later I went here to steal.
And I shot a cop. With how cute you look!
Do you think a judge will believe in my reintegration?
Do not.
I trust the Professor.
I am "full" with him.
You have not answered me.
Would you have liked to accept?
Total, what would happen if we left here?
Were we going to stay together?
Or were you going to be all the time trying to give me back the sheet?
You are talking about betraying your friends.
My friends? My friends with city name?
Tokyo, Berlin, Moscow, Denver.
Well, my friends with a city name seem to be the host.
And I'm going to tell you one thing:
Try to hide if you accept the deal,
because if I see you, I will shoot you in the temple.
I just talked to the factory security guard.
I have found it in the bathroom. He says they have them locked up,
and four policemen.
They are our only salvation.
No, I'm not hungry, thanks.
(HELSINKI) Are you sure? Yes thanks.
-Our salvation? How, if they are locked up?
We have to put them together anyway
Get tools and pass them on.
But what tools do you want to steal?
Well, bits, hammers, screws, whatever.
You have seen how I have an arsenal down there.
Well, you have to take them and give them in the bathroom.
Look, Pablo, I can't do this alone.
Agree? I need your help.
When this, the Slavic gorilla, I went down for a walk,
I need you to entertain him.
Yes, he has healed my wound, he is very aware of me,
It helps me to walk ... And I don't know if you've noticed, but ...
It is a little trout. Yes, who would say it!
Well, it is, so offer yourself, that he will want insurance.
Will you want what?
What is it going to be? Theme, fuck, topic.
And while you seduce him and he's with you for a while,
I take the opportunity to sneak away and steal the tools, okay?
Listen, here everyone has to use their weapons, do you understand me?
You are a fucking adonis, so you have to take advantage of it.
To save life. Look, you are crazy. You're crazy.
What else does it give you? Fuck, if today all of your generation
You are half ambiguous. Stop, huh? For.
Are you saying let me sodomize me for that orangutan?
Listen, here the limits are set by each one.
To me with that you distract it, it is worth to me. Agree?
Look, you distract him.
And I already stole the tools and whatever it takes.
(HELSINKI) That's it. It's over. Arturo, you rest.
Take care of your wound. I'll come later.
Come on. The tunnel ones, here.
Do not discuss the plan with anyone. The plan is only for us.
The less we are, the more chances of success.
We will help others from the outside, okay?
Arturo, I'll be right back. All right.
(NAIROBI) Come in.
And sit down.
(BERLIN) Mercedes ...
Hi.
I called her to see what we do with her student.
It has escaped
and we have found it locked in a safe.
What do you think this rebellion responds to?
Is it perhaps the rebellion of the virgins?
-What the fuck do you say about virgins, uncle?
(BERLIN) -Nairobi, in many species we see it.
Virgins are rebellious because they are still undone.
With all due respect I say it, it happens as with the mares.
Until they are tamed, until they are mounted,
They can run, kick, they are completely unpredictable.
You will have heard about this concept, right?
-Hey...
- At what age did you lose your virginity, Mercedes?
Mercedes, nothing happens.
Speak, please, we are here. In family, in confidence.
Teacher...
-Well ... Eh ... I am from a small town in Soria.
At 24.
- And you did not notice before that virgin rebellion?
-Well, I do not know.
-Think. -Can be.
In fact, before losing it,
I escaped three times to the Medinaceli parties.
I don't know if that's what ... - That's it. Exactly that.
-Taking.
Intense coffee with a sugar.
-Thank you.
The fiestas of Medinaceli ...
And you, Alison? Are you a virgin
-Yes. And that?
It doesn't scare me with his tare speeches.
He won't do anything to me, do you know why?
Because I am not just a hostage, I am your safe-conduct.
-That is, the rebellion of the virgins here is without a doubt.
Ariadna, dear, please,
Can you bring me that red carpet?
-Sure.
Let's see what we have here.
Your aunt Becky, a cooperator in a village in Mali.
Here we have your cousin Elsi.
Beautiful, at King's College.
Brian, this is the brain of the family. In Wellington
And here we have several photos of your sister Lis,
here to the ladito, in La Moraleja. Study in the same school as you.
Although I don't think you have the same temperament.
A girl from your social station sure has no idea
how much does a hitman cost, right?
A decent one can be found for 30,000 euros.
Although to shoot your aunt in Africa
With 10,000 euros we fixed it.
The life of your family is in your hands.
Nairobi. -Let's go. Come on.
When I encouraged you to assert yourself, I should have told you
The most important thing is to choose the moment well.
Control call Berlin All good here. In there?
(BERLIN) Everything in order.
Perfect. Well, next call in six hours.
Inspector, those in the subsoil have found oscillations
in the seismograph. They are working with heavy machinery.
Sure enough, they are tunneling.
-You have to bring the georradar now.
Let's see if we find out where they are doing the damn tunnel.
-I got this.
-Let's hear me all right.
Those who are not essential, you can leave.
Essential means
whoever is doing something right now.
The others gone to rest and shower, please,
That this is already starting to smell like a deep cop.
Rectify, come out all for a moment, please.
I have to get away from the case. I'm sorry.
I think this is going to clear up,
But right now I can't trust you, Angel.
-You can't trust me.
Because it turns out that Toledo
You and I knew that, Rachel. You and I.
-But what the fuck are you saying?
-That I'm not the traitor.
So ... only you left.
-Look, you have to have courage.
They knew we were going to enter the museum with the masks
when you knew it
They knew we were going to scrap when you knew it.
And they have known about the fucking pharmacy when you have known.
-Yes? And it can't be anything else? -What thing?
-I don't know, a call, a phone, a fucking microphone.
- About the pharmacy, only you and I knew it.
-And you haven't told anyone, right? Do not?
"And you didn't say anything to the weird guy in the cafeteria?
Hey? -How?
-Yes, to your tear cloth.
That an uncle appears here yesterday and you tell him your whole life,
as if you were new. "
And you don't suspect him, right?
You've been in here, Rachel.
It has been inside the tent.
Have you investigated it?
Because I do!
Have you done your damn job?
That guy has a place next to him that says he makes cider.
And it has everything covered by tarps. To know what the hell it will cover!
-Don't fuck me you've been following him.
-Yes, I've been following him.
And it doesn't make cider or hosts!
He does tetrabrik shit and throws it in a cauldron.
And it has everything full of crap, pussy!
It has a car made scrap.
And he sleeps in a bunk surrounded by wheels and grease stains.
And it smells like a chemist, who cooks methamphetamine.
I don't know what the hell she cooks.
It's not clean wheat, Rachel! It is not!
And you suspect me, I am the only suspect.
I? I? I?
-How much do you get paid?
One million? Two?
-Look, Rachel ...
Listen to me.
Go take it in the ass.
-Suárez!
Suarez! -I can not believe it!
-Put the handcuffs on and get him out of here.
- Calm down, inspector. That is not the procedure.
-Yes Yes it is. Suarez, put on the handcuffs, pussy.
-I'm touching my fucking procedure.
Let him put the handcuffs on and take him from here!
-If you want, I can call Internal Affairs.
But here, for now, nobody is going to handcuff anyone.
-Raquel...
I've been with you for 15 years.
-With me? Do not.
You've been approaching me to see if I fall for 15 years.
Always with the fucking Cercedilla in the mouth.
With the "I leave Mari Carmen".
And with your fucking bingo flirt jokes.
And now that I finally say no,
it turns out that Don Pimpon left this
He has become a traitor, a traitor!
You have sold yourself, Angel.
Our friendship,
this operative ...
Look...
Get out of here right now.
"Do you know what collateral damage means?
It is a term coined during the Vietnam War
For the American army.
When they didn't have balls
to talk directly about killing civilians.
But sometimes it is also used to take the blame off,
Like a boomerang
And that was what was about to happen to the Professor. "
(HELSINKI) Come on!
Hurry up!
Hurry up, come on!
Come on, hurry up!
Take a couple of bags and pick up this shit.
Then comes the dinner.
-I managed to steal some things from the toolbox.
What things?
Well...
Saw blades, screwdrivers, files ...
Well well. Chist!
What are you doing what are you doing? Hide it.
Within 35 minutes,
Ask to be taken back to the bathroom.
You enter the second toilet on the left,
you take the tools and the glue under the toilet lid,
inside.
They will arrive in about 40 minutes, okay?
Can not be. I mean me? Me again?
I've already stolen all the tools,
I'm loaded with scrap, fuck.
And what do you want, give them to me here?
You do your part, I'll do mine, kid.
(TEACHER) "Raquel ...
Something has happened? Are you okay?"
(RACHEL) Eh ...
Well, I'm here alone and bored in the cafeteria and ...
And a little disappointed, if you want me to tell you the truth.
Excuse me, I do not understand. Disappointed?
I had to meet someone for dinner.
My first dinner in eight years with ...
With someone who was not from my family, I mean.
But I think it has left me planted.
And isn't it that you have advanced about 36 minutes?
(RACHEL) It is possible.
The truth is that I am a very impatient woman.
Excuse me, save.
Sorry for the joke, no ...
I just wanted to make sure you remembered dinner.
The truth is that I panic the seedlings.
I wouldn't know what to do, how to get out of here, if you don't show up.
I don't know, I guess I would stay here with ...
With my heels and alone and ...
And drinking pints until they came to evict me.
Unavailable to discouragement. No. Dead of shame.
Do not worry.
I'll be right with you with those pints.
In five minutes.
Until now.
Until now. (HANGING)
When you're close to me, it's hard for me to breathe.
Then breathe.
Because in nine months you will be breathing.
It's a joke, right?
Please tell me it's a joke.
No, it's not a joke. It is not a joke.
Do not.
Monica, I, technically, I'm sterile.
You must be Shiva, the goddess of fertility.
Do I call my wife, tell her to pick up the children
and we all go together to celebrate it?
Do we do like any marriage that has three children?
Not that I was going to separate.
I have brought you a menu that you hallucinate.
A sandwich that ... that ...
Well, I've eaten it a couple of times and I haven't died,
so more or less ...
Some cookies that ...
I have taken them gluten free.
Because I thought: "Maybe ...
It can be celiac, right? I eat a lot of people. "
Yes. I say: "Well, you better."
And a chocolate palm because I like them so much.
Ah! Well, and ...
And some goodies.
You want?
(BOTH SMELL)
(Call sign)
(RACHEL) Hi, I'm Raquel. Right now I can't help you.
If urgent, leave a message after the signal.
(Signal)
(ANGEL) -Raquel. Raquel, I'm Angel.
Listen, I ask you to reconsider.
Look, I understand the heat. I have also passed.
Fuck, it's not the first row you and I have, right?
Look, I'll be a douchebag or whatever you want, but ...
But I am not the mole.
I'm not the mole, pussy.
You're going to fuck my life, Rachel.
You are going to fuck my life, host.
Giving me a call.
Good thing I've introduced myself,
since this date he had left has left him planted.
Oh yes, I don't know what would have happened to me if you didn't show up.
Sure.
And this quote interests you especially or ...?
No, not anymore.
(BOTH LAUGHTER) What a shame.
What a pity.
Well, let's see if at least I serve for something.
Surely yes.
Good I am glad. What happens is that I have to confess that ...
That we are both in danger because ...
If I take all this I will start humming dolls.
We are going to find ourselves in a problem.
Surely you get very funny.
How long will we keep calling from you?
When you look at me under the table.
Hey...
Come on, save.
Look out.
Look at me under the table.
I warn you that if you are going to make me a "basic instinct"
I still need something stronger because I'm a little classic.
Save, pay attention to me.
I don't want you to make any numbers in here.
I have well-founded suspicions that you hide something in that workshop
where it supposedly makes cider.
So, one of two, or take me there for good
or we wait here for me to get a court order,
but I warn you that I will take a couple of hours.
So...
it's up to you.
Hey, what do you think the morning before a robbery?
I mean, you get up and what's going on in your head?
Well, what do I know?
You wake up there at dawn ...
Do you smoke.
You talk about bullshit.
(MOSCOW) Can you know what you do smoking so early, man?
- He said the pan to the saucepan.
How are you? -Good and you?
Well, nothing from the other world.
Yes, it does take a lot of courage.
I tell you because I think about those things, you know?
In the people who are in death row
or in uncles like you, who enter hitting shots in a mousetrap.
Nor is it for so much. Yes
I tell you, I'm a coward.
Look at me, with a married guy to avoid fear of failure
or to be abandoned. You are not a coward.
Yes I am. You are not. You are not.
You stole a cell phone in the middle of the robbery,
You have insisted that I shoot you in the leg
and you have faced the Berlin moron.
And you had the balls to grab me by the neck and kiss me,
And fuck me
That you have to have many eggs to throw yourself on a hanger
with Dalí mask. You are the Nikita in secretary.
Actually,
on the morning of the robbery he was cushioned lost.
A crazy whore.
(MOSCOW) The what? (DENVER) Well, all this, dad.
Uncle East, who had his whole face ready,
But what do I know, it was crazy.
-No man, no. At least he knows what he says.
-I started to doubt everything.
I don't know what the fuck shit I do here. (MOSCOW) Well, be with me.
-Is that here the whole rock should wake up something?
The guy who fakes bills, you who ...
You're a machine in yours, dad, but I ...
If I have not done anything good in my life.
He was an uncle of a fucking mother.
He told me he needed me and here I am,
meeting the most beautiful girl of all this madness.
One minute.
"These are the tools we have managed to steal.
Undress and stick them to the body with duct tape
to be able to take them to the basement and let go.
Cut the boiler room tubes
and anything you can arm yourself with.
At 9:00 pm dinner is down,
you will take advantage of that moment to disarm your captors
and run away We will meet in the warehouse
hidden behind the coils.
I will try to go with the maximum number of hostages
without compromising the plan. "
-One second.
-Outside.
Hey, what did you do before in life? You will not have been a robber forever.
No way. I have worked in many things. Of what?
Mainly commercial.
And, well, also in the chemical industry,
of sureta in a park.
Well, and I also dance in a disco.
That? Yes Yes.
Shirtless, with a bunch of kids in a cage giving everything.
But in "cool, cool" plan? And what they throw at me.
Samba, twist, rock and roll and flipas.
What do you say? Yes
What flipo? You freak out
Let me float, teach me how you dance.
Here? Come on, dance for me a little.
Give me a minute.
(Rock and roll music)
(Ringtone)
(RACHEL) "Hi, I'm Raquel. Right now I can't help you.
If it's something urgent, leave a message after the signal. "
(Whistle)
Raquel, can you tell why the fuck
don't you take my phone
Hey? After 15 years with you by your side like a fucking fucking.
And not for getting close, no, no, for friendship, for love.
Do you hear me? For love.
Come in please. No, you pass.
Come on.
What is this?
It is a warehouse.
And these plastics?
They are only plastics to protect from the cold,
do not panic. I do not scare.
Follow.
Turn on the light...
And don't do any nonsense.
Listen, I've been about to send it all to hell,
to send Mari Carmen to hell
For a slut who wouldn't fuck or asking.
Do you hear me? You are a whore, a selfish and obsessive whore.
You are a slut whore! Fucking bitch! An eater!
A frigid, pussy! A frigid shit!
(Horn)
Rachel, it's me, Angel, again.
Forgive me, I didn't want to call you a bitch.
I'm truly sorry.
You will sink me.
I don't know what I'm going to do if they kick me out of the Body.
Pussy, I don't know how I'm going to wear that.
You will destroy me.
I know I told him I was unemployed,
but this cider is not a job as such,
It is merely a project.
I don't know if it will work out well or it will go wrong.
And, honestly, I don't know what is happening.
I don't know if your partner saw something illegal.
Good is true
that there are some nights I sleep here,
in the bunk beds, and I still don't have the certificate of occupancy
and I don't know if that's what he saw
or that I need to pass some type of inspection.
I don't know, no ...
The Cider.
Can I try the cider?
Of course, of course.
(RACHEL) "It was expected that the inspector would want to enter
in the secret corner of the Professor.
And for a handful of euros
it's easy to lease a rocky warehouse
and turn it into the perfect set
for the function
Wanting to believe or not ...
it was the part that had to put the inspector. "
I'm sorry, Salva.
This site is wonderful.
I feel very embarrassed ...
for showing him the gun
to force him to bring me here, really.
I would have preferred to teach him something else.
I want to say something else as you say,
"Basic instinct."
I would feel much less ridiculous
and ashamed of what I am now.
And to think that I almost sent my ex-husband.
His ex-husband? Yes, I know it's a fucking bastard,
but he is the best of all the Scientific Police,
because as I had described this as if it were
a drug laboratory ...
Drugs? Yes.
Come on, I almost screwed up even more.
I want him to know that I'm not going to take out the gun again.
Yes. Ya.
Neither to cache you nor to doubt more about you.
Of you. Of you, of you, of you.
It’s time to stop talking about you,
Don't you think
I think it's time to tute ourselves, yes.
Yes Yes.
(Mobile)
Angel, do I catch you well? -Yes, tell me, Pilar.
-I have the results of what you asked for.
I have analyzed the car's footprint
and also that of the spoon that brought me and, bingo, coincide.
The person who touched that teaspoon
It's the same one that forced the patrol car.
-It's the host, Pilar, it's the host. I'll call you later.
(Vibration)
"The voice mailbox of the number you are calling is full."
Fuck.
(Horn)
Is the time. The guards must be letting go now.
At 22:30 they will arrive at the warehouse.
You know where it is? Yes. Right here.
Can I notify someone, 5 or 6? Not in the mood.
You're crazy? Why?
Do you want to fuck this before you start?
a serious risk to the plan,
We will help you from outside.
Who is that third person?
Monica Gaztambide. Ah!
She is pregnant and you have to get her out of here.
Already Where the fuck are you going
To look for her. What about me?
I stay here? How do I go to the store?
I can't go in and out as I want.
Don't fuck me. Quite worse is what I have to do.
I have to convince Uncle that to take me to Monica
and then get rid of him. Are you going to kill him?
What I am not going to do is stay here waiting like a little lamb
to get shot.
A man has to do what he has to do.
Helsinki
What happens?
I'm still not feeling well, huh?
What's up, Arturo, do you want more pills?
Do not.
Hopefully mine will be solved with an aspirin.
Is not that...
It's that before, when I've seen Monica Gaztambide
and I've seen that she was alive, that she was fine,
I have collapsed
and I think I haven't reacted as she expected.
The fact is that then that partner of yours, Denver,
He has taken it down or wherever you have it
to rest
and I have felt a need to talk to her.
I have felt very strong.
Please, man help man in love.
Yes?
Nothing happens.
Ok, Arturito, okay.
Come on. Thank you.
"And as our first defeat approached,
the brain of the operation was absent,
because as bright as it was,
I only had two eyes
and at that time they were for the inspector. "
That?
Any.
That?
You were looking at me.
I don't know
Without the glasses you look like someone else.
Like Superman and Clark Kent.
No. Do you like me more with glasses?
No. I did not say that.
I wear them right now.
It's a bit weird to sleep with glasses, nothing happens.
I usually take them off, but hey.
Today is a special day.
Best?
What happens is that I can't sleep,
I'm sorry.
I don't know, I want to wake up with my daughter,
take her to school,
Let him see that he still has a mother. Sure.
(RACHEL) "Hi, I'm Raquel. Now I can't help you.
If it's something urgent, leave a message behind the signal. "
(Whistle)
Rachel, it's me again. Giving me a call. You have the answering machine full.
We have it, listen, we have it.
We have the guy who is helping them from outside.
But to take your daughter to school they should still be
At least 7-8 hours.
I mean, the same being there at 00:00 or 01:00
or at 07:00 would be enough.
And it's Salva, Salva,
Salva, the one with the cider,
he was in the scrapping, he threatened the Russian, fuck.
I'm sorry.
I will not stay.
Hey, and that piano over there?
You play the piano?
He is using you, pussy, his prints were on the zeta.
It has come close to you to take advantage of the research.
Is using you
(Hits)
Shit.
Shit.
(Piano)
(Siren)
(Gasps)
Is she your wife
No. Monica is not riding scandals.
It must be one of your partners.
(Gasps)
(JADEAN)
Do not stop!
(DENVER) Fuck!
What the fuck are you doing here, uncle?
(SHOUTS)
"Arturo had finally had a heroic gesture.
And instead of escaping alone,
He had decided to rescue his princess,
but he shot it through the butt,
because princesses also have their lives. "
What's up, Monica?
"And his secrets."
Was this savage raping you?
No, he hasn't raped me, don't say nonsense, Arturo.
"We've always heard stories of husbands who discover
to his wives with the lover,
but when Arturo found his lover's lover,
he forgot the escape plan. "
(HELSINKI) Arturo, man.
"And I only heard one word."
I'm fine. Breathe
I'm fine. Take a deep breath.
"Revenge".
Get dressed, honey, get out of here, please.
That? What do you wear
and get out of here please. No, I am not leaving.
Take it out, leave me alone with this one.
What you wanna do? -We don't have it, Arturito,
That these things are spoken.
No, I do not want to leave.
I said take it out of here, fuck.
Take it out and leave me alone with this shit.
Yes you and me. Yes, here, now, you and me.
Hey? Motherfucker.
(LAUGHS)
Please. Jump out
No. Jump, nothing happens.
Nothing happens, nothing happens. Do not.
Nothing happens. I do not want to go.
Jump out. Get out. I want to stay here.
Get out, nothing happens.
(HELSINKI) Come on.
You have many eggs to take advantage of
of a helpless and injured woman.
Let's see if you have the same ones to face me,
motherfucker.
You're going to hurt yourself, Arturito, be careful.
Tall! -No, I'm hostage,
I've been with Arturo Román.
-Where is Don Arturo? -I do not know.
He told me to be here at 10:30 pm.
Let's go now, please. -Let's wait for Don Arturo.
2 minutes left.
She is pregnant, did you know?
She is pregnant with me.
From my!
And I don't think my son will do it or fucking
You come to knock on the door, fag.
Arturito, you are winning a great smack with a prize, for now.
I'm going to kill you, son of a bitch.
Fuck
(SHOUTS)
Who is laughing now, huh?
Hey?
I don't hear that stupid laughter of silly polygon.
Hey?
Have you tried to kill me with a pair of round-pointed scissors,
Arturito?
Sorry
It has been unintentionally, I swear.
It is this stress of the devil that makes me wrong.
Forgive me. I'm sorry You are foolish.
(SHOUT) Don't hit me. Give me a fucking reason ...
Look at me.
Give me a fucking reason not to open your head now.
Give me a fucking reason.
They are escaping, they are escaping.
That? They are escaping.
right now,
And I know where.
(CRY)
Time's up, gentlemen. Let's go.
Tall!
Plastic explosive
(DENVER) -They are escaping, 16 hostages,
through the cargo area.
-Tokio, go find Nairobi.
Rio, Denver, bring Oslo and Helsinki.
(Phone)
(NAIROBI) - What's up?
(BERLIN) -16 hostages try to escape.
-Fuck.
-And let's go get them.
-Ah.
-We're? We're.
(NAIROBI) Come on.
-Go Go.
Covered, covered.
Is everyone covered? (ALL) -Yes.
-Let's see.
(Whistle)
(Siren)
Where the hell were you?
-Injured man, help me. -What happened?
(BERLIN) No one will leave here.
We have the damn uncle who helps them from outside.
He is the uncle of cider.
(PRIETO) Rachel! -Raquel! Raquel!
The time has come to make a decision.
(SUÁREZ) Assault team prevented, we will enter.
Hey!
Down!
(Shots)